DOC-1209/add-info-that-prokuristen-can-also-sign-poas (#438)
swan-io/docs: docs/partnership/document-center/company-registration/germany.mdx

| Gesellschaftsvertrag/Satzungen* | Articles of Association* |
| UBO-Zertifikat* | Ultimate Beneficial Owners (UBO) certificate* |
| Personalausweis der wirtschaftlich Berechtigten (UBOs)       | Identity documents of UBOs               |

> | Vollmacht und Personalausweis | Power of Attorney and the legal representative's identity card <br/><br/> *(A Prokurist registered in the Transparency Register can also sign a power of attorney)*             |

Author: ```suggestion
| Vollmacht und Personalausweis | Power of Attorney and the legal representative's identity card <br/><br/> *(A Prokurist registered in the Transparency Register can also sign a Power of Attorney)*             |
```

> | Vollmacht und Personalausweis | Power of Attorney and the legal representative's identity card <br/><br/> *(A Prokurist registered in the Transparency Register can also sign a Power of Attorney)*             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Vollmacht und Personalausweis | Power of Attorney and the legal representative's identity card <br/><br/> *(A Prokurist registered in the Transparenzregister can also sign a Power of Attorney)*             |
```

We should use the official name of the register or itll be confusing for readers.
